README.md, before:

# My-Projects

**RhythmSection - 2018**

RhythmSection is an application for generating and playing complex, realistic drum grooves, Started as a simple metronome and now expanded to a fully functioning drum machine, Note: No UI exists as of yet as this is a work in progress. runs in UNIX terminal for now but will be cross platform in the future.
Will most likely use Qt for the user interface.

Recommended Usage ( For Demo ): ./DrumLooper.out 100

*Technologies Used: C++, SDL_Mixer, UNIX*


**PythonScales - 2018**

PythonScales is a simple application for synthesizing sine waves according to a particular musical scale; Written in python and using the UNIX SoX Application.
It's generic purpose is for practicing musicians to play a given scale or set of scales at a particular tempo. A Chord can be played in the background to give context to the scale e.g. When playing through the seven modes of the Major Scale.
This Project began as a precursor to RhythmSection above and its functionality will most likely be integrated instead of developed further.

*Technologies Used: Python, Sound eXchange ( SoX ), UNIX*


**Block Smash (Android Alarm Clock Application) - 2017**

This is a simple alarm clock application which is made up of a 19*9 grid of coloured blocks which the user must deplete in order to turn off the alarm. Adjacent blocks of the same colour become a single object and is depleted by tapping each block group. The difficulty of this task can be customised by adjusting the pool of colours the block textures can be chosen from. The app also includes the normal options from an alarm app i.e. multiple alarms, ability to enable/disable alarms separately, individual alarm volume, ringtone, repeat days, etc.

*Technologies Used: Unity, C#, Android, Windows*


**Google Maps Flight Sim - 2016**

This is a small game utilizing the user’s geographic location and Google Maps Static API to create the scene where the player can navigate. When the player nears the boundries of the current map tile, subsequent tiles are created and textured with their corresponding geographic location so the player can continuously “travel” to any mapped location in the world.

*Technologies Used: Unity, C#, Google Maps Static API, Android, Windows*


**Temporal Compression of Digital Holograms Using the ffmpeg Standard - 2016**

This was my final year project as part of my BSc in Computer Science and Software Engineering. It mainly consists of research/experimentation with various features of the ffmpeg standard to discover weaknesses and breaking points when applied to digital hologram compression. I then developed a pre/post processing wrapper function in GNU Octave to overcome these weaknesses, specifically utilizing inter-frame compression to improve detection of redundant noise patterns in adjacent video frames, and how corruptions in these patterns are dealt with.
 
*Technologies Used: GNU Octave, ffmpeg.*

Commit message:

updated README.md with new description and Recommended Usage

README.md, after:

# My-Projects

**RhythmSection - 2018**

RhythmSection is an application for generating and playing complex, realistic drum and bass grooves, Started as a simple metronome and now expanded to a versatile Backing-Track Generator. Currently Supporting Linux Systems, with scope to expand to Windows and Mac OS

Recommended Usage: ./RhythmSection.out 90 4.4 A1

*Technologies Used: C++, SDL_Mixer, UNIX*


**PythonScales - 2018**

PythonScales is a simple application for synthesizing sine waves according to a particular musical scale; Written in python and using the UNIX SoX Application.
It's generic purpose is for practicing musicians to play a given scale or set of scales at a particular tempo. A Chord can be played in the background to give context to the scale e.g. When playing through the seven modes of the Major Scale.
This Project began as a precursor to RhythmSection above and its functionality will most likely be integrated instead of developed further.

*Technologies Used: Python, Sound eXchange ( SoX ), UNIX*


**Block Smash (Android Alarm Clock Application) - 2017**

This is a simple alarm clock application which is made up of a 19*9 grid of coloured blocks which the user must deplete in order to turn off the alarm. Adjacent blocks of the same colour become a single object and is depleted by tapping each block group. The difficulty of this task can be customised by adjusting the pool of colours the block textures can be chosen from. The app also includes the normal options from an alarm app i.e. multiple alarms, ability to enable/disable alarms separately, individual alarm volume, ringtone, repeat days, etc.

*Technologies Used: Unity, C#, Android, Windows*


**Google Maps Flight Sim - 2016**

This is a small game utilizing the user’s geographic location and Google Maps Static API to create the scene where the player can navigate. When the player nears the boundries of the current map tile, subsequent tiles are created and textured with their corresponding geographic location so the player can continuously “travel” to any mapped location in the world.

*Technologies Used: Unity, C#, Google Maps Static API, Android, Windows*


**Temporal Compression of Digital Holograms Using the ffmpeg Standard - 2016**

This was my final year project as part of my BSc in Computer Science and Software Engineering. It mainly consists of research/experimentation with various features of the ffmpeg standard to discover weaknesses and breaking points when applied to digital hologram compression. I then developed a pre/post processing wrapper function in GNU Octave to overcome these weaknesses, specifically utilizing inter-frame compression to improve detection of redundant noise patterns in adjacent video frames, and how corruptions in these patterns are dealt with.
 
*Technologies Used: GNU Octave, ffmpeg.*
